README.md, before:

# **1st Milestone Project**
## Build a personal portfolio
The project I have decided to build is a portfolio for myself. As I do not have any projects at this moment on time, I will use random sites which I like for their interactivity and styles to be has placeholders until I can use my own projects to add to the site.
### First Steps
- Went to GitHub projects, and added a new board with 8 items in the todo section with. They have acceptance criteria and tasks in each item. Prioristised each items in order of importance to build the site.
- Next I am starting to work on the wireframe. I have attempted using Balsamiq but we haven't been trained enough on the making a wireframe especially using Balsamiq, so spoke to my mentor and he has advised me to sketch and take an image of the sketch to add it to  my project's Readme file, if I cannot use the Balsamiq to get the desired result, I will sketch the wireframe and take a photo of it to add it.
- Completed wireframes on Balsamiq. I did a wireframe for mobile phone, Tablet, and Laptop/ computer. 
#### Wireframe for Homepage
![alt text](assets/images/Home.png "Home wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Projects page
![alt text](assets/images/Projects.png "Projects wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Contact page
![alt text](assets/images/Contact.png "Contact wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Confirmation page
![alt text](assets/images/Confirmation.png "Confirmation wireframe")
- With the planning phase of the project complete, it is now time to move on to the coding of the site. 

### Coding the website
- I have use the code institute template for this project.
- Added Heroku and mongoDB8.
- Added HTML5's index, confirmation, contact, and project.
- Added Bootstrap5.
- Added a personal favicon's
- Added CSS3.
- Added font awesome6.
- Git committed " added htmls index, contact, confirmation, and project with bootstrap, favicon, css, as well as font awesome."
- Worked on adding items to GitHub project board.
- Git committed " Completed github project board and updated readme file. "
- added wireframes to the images folder.
- Git committed " Added wireframes from Balsamiq. "
- Addded the wireframes to the readme file.
- Git committed " Added wireframes to readme. "
- Added navbar to index.html with personal logo.
- Git committed " Added navbar to index.html with personal logo."
- Added a carousel to the main section class as influnces of the index.html.
- Git committed " Added carousel to influnces section in index.html. "
- Changed photos for influnce carousel, as was unhappy with original choices.
- Added credits for each photo on carousel from [^1] to [^18].
- Git comitted " Added credits for each photo on carousel. "
- 



### Credits

- Photo 18r67gzglojskjpg.webp was taken from website https://gizmodo.com/how-does-the-original-tron-live-up-to-our-nerdstalgia-5700796[^1].
- Photo 545667-mgm4-71a02ef5d8394af83a9bc3b16b7ef2be.webp was taken from website https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/545667/facts-about-wargames[^2].
- Photo back-to-the-future=ending.avif was taken from website https://screenrant.com/back-future-movie-behind-scenes-facts-marty-mcfly-doc-brown-delorean/[^3].
- Photo borg_cube_tractors_enterprise-d.avif was taken from website https://www.syfy.com/syfy-wire/best-star-trek-next-generation-episodes-ranked[^4].
- Photo fullwidth.6a84e222.jpg was taken from website https://thedissolve.com/features/movie-of-the-week/413-robocop-forum-satire-violence-and-state-of-the-art/[^5].
- Photo genshin.webp was taken from website https://www.siliconera.com/genshin-impact-lands-a-blow-in-its-opening-cutscene/[^6].
- Photo guilty_crown-03-shu-souta-void-weapon-chest-light-genome.webp taken from website https://simplybinge.com/2014/02/dividebyzer0s-anime-review-guilty-crown/[^7].
- Photo images1.jpg was taken from website https://thevanguardsite.wordpress.com/2015/10/04/sword-art-online-aincrad/[^8].
- Photo intro-1638915310.webp was taken from website https://www.slashfilm.com/680507/this-genius-invention-made-2001-a-space-odysseys-most-complex-scene-possible/[^9].
- Photo knight-rider-michael-knight-david-hasselhoff-1014x570.jpg was taken from website https://www.tvinsider.com/1061349/knight-rider-kitt-car-behind-the-scenes-40th-anniversary/[^10].
- Photo main-qimg-089e00605c394e0ec05b8a66fe65bb01.webp was taken from website https://www.quora.com/How-popular-is-the-the-anime-Psycho-Pass[^11].
- Photo sephiroth-surrounded-by-fire-in-ff7.avif was taken from website https://www.thegamer.com/final-fantasy-7-original-game-ending-explained/[^12].
- Photo short-circuit-splash-800x450.jpg was taken from website https://www.mikeymo.nl/movies/reviews/short-circuit[^13].
- Photo Star-Wars-Episode-4-A-New-Hope-768x432.jpg was taken from website https://www.scifinow.co.uk/news/top-10-best-star-wars-a-new-hope-moments/[^14].
- Phot0 the-matrix-subway-fight.avif was taken from website https://collider.com/best-matrix-action-scenes-ranked/[^15].
- Photo the-terminator-1984.jpg was taken from website https://onceuponatimeininfinitespace.wordpress.com/2011/07/01/escapist-friday-the-terminator-1984/[^16].
- Photo V5kN2ubX5wwUyPK3KRGcP3-970-80.jpg was taken from website https://www.space.com/transformer-movies-in-order[^17].
- Photo znyUfG.webp was taken from website https://marinasauce.wordpress.com/2024/01/10/winter-2024-taste-test-solo-leveling/[^18].

Commit message:

Changed the readme file for a better look.

README.md, after:

# **1st Milestone Project**
## Build a personal portfolio
The project I have decided to build is a portfolio for myself. As I do not have any projects at this moment on time, I will use random sites which I like for their interactivity and styles to be has placeholders until I can use my own projects to add to the site.
### First Steps
- Went to GitHub projects, and added a new board with 8 items in the todo section with. They have acceptance criteria and tasks in each item. Prioristised each items in order of importance to build the site.
- Next I am starting to work on the wireframe. I have attempted using Balsamiq but we haven't been trained enough on the making a wireframe especially using Balsamiq, so spoke to my mentor and he has advised me to sketch and take an image of the sketch to add it to  my project's Readme file, if I cannot use the Balsamiq to get the desired result, I will sketch the wireframe and take a photo of it to add it.
- Completed wireframes on Balsamiq. I did a wireframe for mobile phone, Tablet, and Laptop/ computer. 
#### Wireframe for Homepage
![alt text](assets/images/Home.png "Home wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Projects page
![alt text](assets/images/Projects.png "Projects wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Contact page
![alt text](assets/images/Contact.png "Contact wireframe")

#### Wireframe for Confirmation page
![alt text](assets/images/Confirmation.png "Confirmation wireframe")
- With the planning phase of the project complete, it is now time to move on to the coding of the site. 

### Coding the website
- I have use the code institute template for this project.
- Added Heroku and mongoDB8.
- Added HTML5's index, confirmation, contact, and project.
- Added Bootstrap5.
- Added a personal favicon's
- Added CSS3.
- Added font awesome6.
- Git committed " added htmls index, contact, confirmation, and project with bootstrap, favicon, css, as well as font awesome."
- Worked on adding items to GitHub project board.
- Git committed " Completed github project board and updated readme file. "
- added wireframes to the images folder.
- Git committed " Added wireframes from Balsamiq. "
- Addded the wireframes to the readme file.
- Git committed " Added wireframes to readme. "
- Added navbar to index.html with personal logo.
- Git committed " Added navbar to index.html with personal logo."
- Added a carousel to the main section class as influnces of the index.html.
- Git committed " Added carousel to influnces section in index.html. "
- Changed photos for influnce carousel, as was unhappy with original choices.
- Added credits for each photo on carousel from [1] to [18].
- Git comitted " Added credits for each photo on carousel. "
- Change the readme file to as didn't like the way it presented.
- Git committed " Changed the readme file for a better look. "
- 



### Credits

- Photo 18r67gzglojskjpg.webp was taken from website https://gizmodo.com/how-does-the-original-tron-live-up-to-our-nerdstalgia-5700796 [^1].
- Photo 545667-mgm4-71a02ef5d8394af83a9bc3b16b7ef2be.webp was taken from website https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/545667/facts-about-wargames [^2].
- Photo back-to-the-future=ending.avif was taken from website https://screenrant.com/back-future-movie-behind-scenes-facts-marty-mcfly-doc-brown-delorean/ [^3].
- Photo borg_cube_tractors_enterprise-d.avif was taken from website https://www.syfy.com/syfy-wire/best-star-trek-next-generation-episodes-ranked [^4].
- Photo fullwidth.6a84e222.jpg was taken from website https://thedissolve.com/features/movie-of-the-week/413-robocop-forum-satire-violence-and-state-of-the-art/ [^5].
- Photo genshin.webp was taken from website https://www.siliconera.com/genshin-impact-lands-a-blow-in-its-opening-cutscene/ [^6].
- Photo guilty_crown-03-shu-souta-void-weapon-chest-light-genome.webp taken from website https://simplybinge.com/2014/02/dividebyzer0s-anime-review-guilty-crown/ [^7].
- Photo images1.jpg was taken from website https://thevanguardsite.wordpress.com/2015/10/04/sword-art-online-aincrad/ [^8].
- Photo intro-1638915310.webp was taken from website https://www.slashfilm.com/680507/this-genius-invention-made-2001-a-space-odysseys-most-complex-scene-possible/ [^9].
- Photo knight-rider-michael-knight-david-hasselhoff-1014x570.jpg was taken from website https://www.tvinsider.com/1061349/knight-rider-kitt-car-behind-the-scenes-40th-anniversary/ [^10].
- Photo main-qimg-089e00605c394e0ec05b8a66fe65bb01.webp was taken from website https://www.quora.com/How-popular-is-the-the-anime-Psycho-Pass [^11].
- Photo sephiroth-surrounded-by-fire-in-ff7.avif was taken from website https://www.thegamer.com/final-fantasy-7-original-game-ending-explained/ [^12].
- Photo short-circuit-splash-800x450.jpg was taken from website https://www.mikeymo.nl/movies/reviews/short-circuit [^13].
- Photo Star-Wars-Episode-4-A-New-Hope-768x432.jpg was taken from website https://www.scifinow.co.uk/news/top-10-best-star-wars-a-new-hope-moments/ [^14].
- Phot0 the-matrix-subway-fight.avif was taken from website https://collider.com/best-matrix-action-scenes-ranked/ [^15].
- Photo the-terminator-1984.jpg was taken from website https://onceuponatimeininfinitespace.wordpress.com/2011/07/01/escapist-friday-the-terminator-1984/ [^16].
- Photo V5kN2ubX5wwUyPK3KRGcP3-970-80.jpg was taken from website https://www.space.com/transformer-movies-in-order [^17].
- Photo znyUfG.webp was taken from website https://marinasauce.wordpress.com/2024/01/10/winter-2024-taste-test-solo-leveling/ [^18].
